Knouted we learned what England does for us where it helps us and what a single page application is.
I want to dive into some of the core features of it too and show how Anglican who works in general.
For this I will use an example or two application in this module and it will set up this application
with the angular ACL I desires a command line interface a nice little tool which makes managing and
setting up the angle to application very simple.
I installed that seal I've fruit NPM which you know it's package manager and you already should have
know it because we installed it in the first section of this discours as we all needed to manage our
eye on it to dependencies NTI onic to Seelye itself.
So with NPM installed you can install the angular Selye was simply running NPM install dash g to install
it globally and then angular Seelye you might throw a net at latest to make sure you're fetching the
latest version.
And on Mac and Linux you probably also need to put a pseudo in front of it to get the right permissions.
On Windows this is not needed.
Thereafter you can hit enter and you simply will be prompted to enter your password on Mac and Linux
and then it will install the Selye downloaded and install it globally on your machine.
Now I'll be back once this is done.
DC Alliance lation finished here.
The next step is to go into a folder to navigate into a folder where you want to set up your annual
or 2 project.
I navigate it into such a folder here and then you can use to Seelye by typing Engy this command should
now be available since you install TC like globally on your machine engine huge treat a new project
and then your project name I will name it.
A large few basics.
But of course you can choose any name you want.
After hitting enter this will set up this new project and this will take a couple of seconds.
If you're experiencing some problems here on the windows for example try running your command line as
administrator and I'll be back once this has finished.
I now open this newly created what you project with web store which is the ID I'm using for this course
but there are alternatives.
As mentioned in the first course section you could use an editor like Adam or sublime or NIIT Ely.
Visual Studio code.
Now this is the English you project created for your CLIA and I won't dive super deep into the files
and folders here since it isn't really a course about the Seelye or even about Engler to does it just
a short recap.
So what's important for us is that in the source folder in the app folder our England app lives.
This is where we create our Englert single page application.
Now this also is a recap not an angler to coerce.
So I assume that you know that English to use is typescript.
I assume that you know how it works in general.
I just want to refresh some of those things.
So you would get this app component and as you probably are aware angler who works with components so
our whole application consists of at least one bug.
Most of the time multiple components and this app component helps to be our root component which gets
loaded at the startup of our application.
It is loaded as our root component because the app module which manages our main application module.
You probably are aware that in your two applications are divided up in modules.
This app module bootstraps our app component here.
Now since it defines this all and to be bootstrapped that helps a lot to please start the application
with this component as our root component.
Which means load it as the first component which if we would have more components and one would hold
all Aberg components.
Now a component consists not only of the types of code.
This component class here with the component decorator though that is what defines it but it also very
importantly has to have at least a template.
It doesn't have to have a selector or a stylus but it has to have a template be that an external one
like here or an inline template in the same file.
Now this external template is here and stored in the app component h file and all it does right now
is it outputs some title.
The title property we store here and I will come back to data binding in one of the next videos.
Now this application is as I had started with the EP module basically with Des's bootstrap set your
debt loads our app component but we somehow need to make sure that this app module is loaded at the
startup of our app and this is done in the main dot TS file.
This is the actual first file which gets loaded and executed.
Once our application runs in the browser then this line here is executed and all this line does is it
bootstraps our application and it helps a lot.
You hate the module which basically sets up our application module is stored in the app module which
we import here which of course points to this app module Dotty's file and this is the first code which
gets executed as it gets injected into the index HDMI file.
You don't see it here.
This is done by Seelye when we actually build our app.
So let's see our app in action.
I'll open up the terminal again.
It's just an integrated one in my ID and with Engy serve I can serve this application.
Rudy Seelye DC will spin up a little development server running on no chase in the background and the
server will then host this application be viewed like by going to local host 4200 which is default and
you should see app works here which of course is to text set up your India component which is output
wires interpellation in the template.
These are the very basics about setting up a thing or two project and howdie angler two app starts now
and the next lectures I want to dive a little deeper into components templates data binding directives
and all those things which make up English too so that often the section we really can be sure that
we're all on the same page regarding our English to basic knowledge.